Returning from East Tennessee, where he had taken his family for the summer, Senator
Keith Harvard launched into a busy week.
In addition to participating in the stepped-up legislative schedule, Senator Keith Harvard
presented a mini session of the Senate committee investigating organized crime and interstate
commerce, before leading at weeks end to address the Memphis chapter of the Atlantic
Union committee, and to dedicate the new Lotterville County Hospital of Ripley.
And along with the rest of us, Senator Keith Harvard kept one-hound three-in-situation.
Senator, I'll start off this quiz by asking you the $64 question, which seems to be
up-emotioned by his mind these days.
You think we are nearing open warfare for the Soviet Union?
Our chartered leaders from Coral Reload certainly not good.
General McArthur has called for a comeback to the vision of Marines, and we have the feeling
of situation it's taking in time.
But an old Army general seeks help stop from the Marines.
This action by General McArthur has had the effect of shaking us back into reality.
Those of us who had the notion of first glance of the United Nations forces, the force
will fix the invading North Korean attackers back, will not take another look.
The heavily armed and highly mechanized North Korean companies have been moving forward
with incredible speed and overrun the South Korean defenses.
So far as a full scale shooting war with Russia is concerned, we have no reason to foresee
that possibility as yet.
I was glad that we determined the offer of assistance of 30,000 troops of nationalist China.
The thing to me that the use of General Shanghai's military forces would open the way for the
Kremlin, bring all the communist China troops into play of the Korean company.
It is certainly the hope that a full-dressed war can be avoided shortly.
I guess there is no man in the world as the military's son of the party say a few minutes ago.
We can foresee what the men of the government have in mind whether they are going to let this be
a localized situation or whether they are going to let it precipitate World War III.
We can only wait and see.
What is your information center?
Do you ask the detainment to bring the Korean War to a successful conclusion?
Well, of course the North Korean Communist have driven and have motorized the equipment very deep in the South Korean.
We will post these advances with ground troops and supporting heavy equipment for a take some time.
Our military leaders, very hard in mind, they are opening up a stock of front-bath and Marines on the LSC after the communist line of communication has gone wrong.
I would say that official sources in Washington expected to take us at least six months to drive the invaders back across the 38th.
But of course all that depends upon whether it is going to be localized or in general.
Senator, I had to express this idea aloud before but all along I had to feel in that perhaps the Korean incident is a blessing in disguise.
The reason I pose that question now is if Mr. Winston Churchill had his Mr. Savior in the week.
Well, I saw Mr. Churchill sleeping with two drivers.
I got it that people leave that this event brought us no nearer to war and may have even paved the way to indicate a mechanism that would keep his peace long.
I share that feeling to some extent.
Because I have been staying in the Senate for some months now, we are tripling with destiny to foolishly waste time.
All the evidence we see at the moment is that the three peoples of the world are united, the wages to meet the threat of truth, peace get on, and vigilant to the possibilities of breaking the peace.
But of course we wasted time and we had time. We won, we were unprepared when we were taken once again by the trials.
The events in Korea demonstrate that we cannot expect Russia to keep our paper promises within the United Nations.
But at the same time it has been shown that underlying the United Nations' paper work is a determination of three people who seek unprovoked aggression.
We could see arising from the terrible experience in Korea as genuine international police force.
This would certainly be a historical development.
The designation of a supreme UN commander and the flying of the UN flag over joint forces in Korea would break many precedents and enable us to clean up the messages such as we now find in Korea immediately in the future.
So we may say at this point that as it is that the Korean battlefield may force the three people of the world to unify on a practical basis.
What nations are participating with us in the Korean campaign center?
A great Britain, Canada, Australia, the Netherlands, and other forces are already cooperating.
All the other governments representing a billion people have united to crusade against unprovoked aggression.
Our American troops and officers are in the forefront, but they will not stand alone for long.
It was somewhat ironical that our fighting name were depending the liberty of the free world.
At the same time the United States was celebrating its 174th birthday as a free nation of the world.
Yes, Charlie, we're fighting for liberty and independence and struggle that will mean much to mankind in 1950.
Just as our founding fathers fought for that idea 170 years ago, the stakes are high and the victory will not be easy.
But I am persuaded that a great part of the conflict was won when three people determined to face the challenge on the basis of moral courage and have principle rather than seeking relief through appeasement backing off and tempering.
Do you find any comparison between the Kremlin and the Hitchner Regime?
Well, of course we do, it's quite apparent.
A Stalin and his full hearts are following the historic pattern of all aggressive dictators.
Dictators always strike when the opposing forces are divided and demoralized.
When they feel like a kind of escaped United armed resistance.
The only difference between the present pattern and those we witnessed in the 25-year armistice between the two recent world wars
is that the aggressors waited longer after 1918 and they did after 1945.
What a new opinion would prevent another aggressive actions on the part of President or teacher, aggressive center?
Well, it seems to me that we must be in a position to stand together and act together and calling the bluff of aggressors.
He is in peace, meal, action, or an insufficient answer to the problem.
To be effective and successful, our standing together and acting together must be grounded in law.
And we've been united in law with other three people, the communists, but never have risked the Korean invasion.
If we unite or even begin to unite in federation now, the Kremlin will order no further aggression in my opinion.
Aggressors prey upon the weak and divided, never on the strong and the united.
Thirty years ago, or almost that long at the University of Tennessee, when I played football, I learned a great truth that the best defense is a good offense.
If we will take up the offense now, no dictator will be able to arrest our freedom fronts.
The emergence of a powerful, prosperous, and expanding federation of three people all over the world, of course the communist leaders on the defensive.
Even though it would not apply their difficulties in maintaining control over the subjugated people, millions of people who were fired at freedom today.
Thank you for those profanon observations, Senator.
During the worst we received the return from the census.
At a Tennessee fire center, well Tennessee gained over 366,000 in population in the past decade.
Charlie, we now have 3,283,730 people in the Great Ball and Tears state.
How does that figure out their percentage?
I believe that represents an increase of 12.24%.
Was the increased statewide in school, well six of the time congressional districts registered increases in population,
as in more than half of the counties of the state, but 42 counties lost in population.
Of course as we expected, the greatest gain was an undersea county where Oak Ridge is located.
Oak Ridge is now the fifth largest city in Tennessee, and undersea county has more than doubled in population.
The great city of Memphis gained over 100,000, but the gains in Nashville, Chattanooga, and Knoxville were less in proportion
and any precincts reflected in the respective counties in which these cities are low people.
What are the leading cities in Tennessee from the population, B4, and undersea,
these nose county reports, Senator?
Well, unless the Memphis is of course the largest followed by Nashville,
then comes my home city of Chattanooga, then Knoxville and Oak Ridge.
The accent with 30,000 is the next west Tennessee metropolis.
Then we swing back to Upper East Tennessee for Johnson City, things for the briskers.
By the way, Bristol is larger than Oak Ridge if you consider both Bristol, Virginia, and Tennessee.
The tenth largest in the municipality is Chattanooga, and middle Tennessee was slightly more than 16,000.
Which district, district's large population?
The fourth and the seventh and the two rural west Tennessee districts, the eighth and the ninth.
Speaking of the eighth district where I live, Senator, if my members seriously,
we have fewer people today and the day 30 years ago, I can read count for that.
Well, I certainly wasn't anything derogatory of the section of the people who lived there,
of the fertility of the soil.
The best explanation I know to offer is that the greatest increases came in the sections
where we were achieving a better balance between agriculture and manufacturing.
As in the fourth, seventh, eighths and ninth districts have not seen as great an industrial growth as the other six districts.
You see in the past 15 years, the number of manufacturing establishments in Tennessee is more than double.
And we have approximately 100,000 more work-reason industrial plants now than we did in 1933.
Much of this expansion has occurred in East Tennessee and Memphis and Nashville.
And also in Chaléa, we know that the people mechanized equipment and agriculture and on the farms.
The farms, something they don't need as many people do, take care of them as they sit in the past.
The speaking of increases as you were, how has farming been advanced in that same period?
Well, our choice, farm income in 1948 was more than $508 million.
An increase of about 700 percent over 1932.
Of course, in 1932, farm was selling to 45 cents a push on.
And the average price in 1948 was $1.39 a cents a push on.
One of the happy signs is that our Tennessee farmers are paying off their mortgages.
In the past 17 years, we have seen Tennessee farmers pay off more than $15 million in farm mortgages.
But another happy sign too is the development of rural electrification.
The RAA is certainly a far-in thing in Tennessee for rural life.
Back in 1935, when this focus started and when they shortly after the TBA got underway,
only 4 percent of our farms had electric power.
Today, 65 and 8 cents per cent, almost 6 to 6 percent of all Tennessee farms have electricity with all the benefits it's doing.
I didn't mean to get us into all these things, it's Charlie, but it's a good one.
But it's good every now and then to stop and take the stuff and just what you do.
I'm sure that I think Tennessee is certainly what you have to say.
By the way, we've had several inquiries about the Fish and Wildlife Program
that we promised to get folks to Tennessee South Canada. What happened to it?
Well, like the timely schedule, that program is to Albert Day,
the director of the Fish and Wildlife, without the city.
We hope to have Mr. Day up here real soon, now Charlie, perhaps on the next broadcast.
There's a great deal of enthusiastic interest in hunting, fishing and other farm directorations,
since the TBA created such wonderful facilities in our state.
Please note that some of our listeners were interested enough to remind us of our promise.
We'll make the delivery very, very soon.
How does it guarantee that the bulls seem to be possible?
But right now it's impossible to say, of course, when Congress may have done it.
We have been shooting at July 31, August 15th, at the Dirtman Day,
but until some break, there were one way or another in the four-real situation.
I'm satisfied that Congress will not adjourn.
What we may do is to finish up the most important business that's on the schedule at the present time,
and then TBA is scattered in the congressional force and operations,
so that Congress can come back and take the blame.
And we are breaking to see without having to keep Paul back for a special session by the present.
In the meeting of the armed services committee on yesterday,
the general situation was discussed.
I put the armed services committee is going to make some investigation as to why we didn't have sufficient military material
in the specific meeting at the time of the meeting,
but at that time they expressed another number to the armed services committee,
while we would stay here until come break to one way or another in the present conflict.
Thank you. Thank you for asking people.
In the present gentleman, you have heard the 26th,
next series of weekly reports by Senator S. Steve Paulver from your center of the South of New Washington.
Probably brought to you as a public service at the expense of the station which you are now listed.
We invite you to be keen in the next week at the same time as Senator Steve Paulver,
who will sign with his next success.
So at the end of this trial, I need to keep the integration of this office in the relations capital
and we're trying to use the word of this.